Ts 58 part 1 : remove kpm bundles path (#130)
killbill/killbill-platform: osgi-bundles/bundles/kpm/README.md

* the `INSTALL` and `UNINSTALL` commands of the [Kill Bill plugins management APIs](https://github.com/killbill/killbill-docs/blob/v3/userguide/tutorials/plugin_management.adoc)
* endpoints specific to [KPM UI](https://github.com/killbill/killbill-kpm-ui)

> The osgi bundle installation location will follow killbill's `org.killbill.osgi.bundle.install.dir` configuration property, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osgi bundle installation location will follow Kill Bill's `org.killbill.osgi.bundle.install.dir` configuration property, 
```

> and set to `/var/tmp/bundles` if property not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use `/var/tmp/bundles` if this property is not set.
```
